Tell me guys, I'm going to record the hollow.
super saiyajin I'm a doctor here some more
Hugo, right?
The first channel I'm doing
Sunday're just not going to take a
little 316 the box of the neide tomato
bandai super skirt is fourth line as well
cool, who is clear, I let you be
a gay you 're good to see the super poses
scoreless the goal out of here
the teleportation that the way is in her
where the injection who all in all here
our google dear that hand will have
transportation as such
the decoration feet and leaves that own
cut will not have people like that
the back also how to talk about this course
estoy Saiyan picture here we have
can take the law cable car 360 ac
but everything has a face since the world
as he never now the hand of mine
friend I focus neither the police nor resolve
are selling well done all this tram
teleport a goal I think it's everything
that I do not know everything now is next
dunga joined
look android will take a little bit
We 're going to stay here to get here.
they are goku, he said people